Updated breaking changes section (#6119)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/govern/model-contracts.md

When comparing to a previous project state, dbt will look for breaking changes that could impact downstream consumers. If breaking changes are detected, dbt will present a contract error. 

Breaking changes include:
- Removing an existing column.
- Changing the `data_type` of an existing column.
- Removing or modifying one of the `constraints` on an existing column (dbt v1.6 or higher).

> - Removing a contracted model constitutes a breaking change. A model is considered 'removed' if it is deleted, renamed, or disabled:

Author: ```suggestion

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.9">

- Removing a contracted model constitutes a breaking change. A model is considered 'removed' if it is deleted, renamed, or disabled:
```

> - Removing a contracted model constitutes a breaking change. A model is considered 'removed' if it is deleted, renamed, or disabled (by config: enabled):

Reviewer: Suggest leaving that example out as the "enabled" language might be confusing.
```suggestion
- Removing a contracted model constitutes a breaking change. A model is considered 'removed' if it is deleted, renamed, or disabled:
```

>   - If the model is versioned, dbt will throw an error.

Reviewer 2: Hey @nataliefiann I had spun up a PR for this locally so happen to look at this and suggest these edits:
```suggestion
  - When you remove a versioned model, you will receive an error.
```

>   - if the model is versioned, dbt will throw an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If the model is versioned, dbt will throw an error.
```

>   - If the model is unversioned, dbt will raise a warning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - When you remove an unversioned contract, you will receive a warning.
```

>   - if the model is unversioned, dbt will raise a warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If the model is unversioned, dbt will raise a warning.
```

When comparing to a previous project state, dbt will look for breaking changes that could impact downstream consumers. If breaking changes are detected, dbt will present a contract error. 

Breaking changes include:
- Removing an existing column.
- Changing the `data_type` of an existing column.
- Removing or modifying one of the `constraints` on an existing column (dbt v1.6 or higher).

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.9">

- Removing a contracted model constitutes a breaking change. A model is considered 'removed' if it is deleted, renamed, or disabled:
  - When you remove a versioned model, you will receive an error.
  - When you remove an unversioned contract, you will receive a warning.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
</VersionBlock>
```
